TINY-8881: drag and drop on the left of CEF elements (#8097)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Line separator scrolling in floating toolbars. #TINY-8948
- A double bottom border appeared on inline mode editor for the `tinymce-5` skin. #TINY-9108
- The editor header showed up even with no menubar and toolbar configured. #TINY-8819

> - Dragging over CEF element now works correctly #TINY-8881

Reviewer: Not sure if it's all that better but maybe since CEF is kind of internal name:

```suggestion
- Dragging a noneditable element before or after another noneditable element now works correctly. #TINY-8881
```

Author: done
